you can imagine that Mr. Juan
Manuel Herrera goes with the uncle not us
we continue to look emphasize the paper below
up and I'm very excited about the
morning handkerchief
for classic appointment of bakeries and sweet
of milk can be started by the sweet
of milk from the one below or the cream
as more than one I put there is a tip
and we are going to be the departures
in the bakery starts doing what
we are doing
perfect but you can see
the important thing is sweet milk to make
this type of preparation
is that the lucense is flexible
if you get a series that is too much
hard
what you are going to do is adding a
little syrup to loosen a little
thank you
it is possible it is not the permission because not
they saw the issue of what
it is something more to make it more fluid
alfio basile but do not pass it then if not
do not
no parts and then you add too much
lithium if what is going to happen to you
we have it too wet
exactly what we do is truffle
socially that the fine masita have
on the one hand the handkerchiefs with the dough
of tender
and they can also have bits
constants by cattle land
quality
well there you have to be a square
perfect
the vibrations
well it's very well played
two
in front of
Y
in his four crimes so that I stay
a friend on the side because
good not for to send the quarrel
as well
and alves
it is enough to do it to ricardito if able by
favor
do not
is there crouched you dress like
look
and then simply for this reason
so the memory of a handkerchief
per unit because then it is very possible
and Carlos Moya to weigh more not
they are making you arm I do not know
accomplice head
on the ship it was the cold of age me
you can get to explain the full
jury
say
the line some too many just say
because how much richer
but let's get him the nice cream
the only thing that was small squared
we close the tips so they have the
idea
to tell
and this same to what tempting we are
making more akin to the kitchen
Nobel flags and back a little scratched
in the thin dough
the party and friends
there we are going to double caprecom in the
time one day that he had left
of the woman to be told how
we know that he has to resort to the
theme of the truth not a little bit
with the coconut what we do is the same
already strong with complete
teaching to do it without series to one by
one of these taxis
and the other thing that sometimes I insist a lot
is that beyond what is bakery and
pastry learn what is speed
At the beginning you do not have to learn to be
prolix
because the speed after coming alone
of gymnastics exactly
because you opened something that is not going to
watch
They are coming palmitos was alone
is also not to be thinner after
with layers of pionono but in some
Towers and it's outside
I'm going to finish this because I have more and
plus
is living now and is imminent
ladies and give me the prescribed recipe
this section in which you do not do
because we five years of the
program until cons we share a lot
and now we want to hear what are the
recipes that you have that are
valuable that everyone tells you
there is the rhythm that comes out of this today
let's call susana uncles to participate
in the section the seen of the day is a duo
of the edited recipe and the book of
Simple as Peruvian we have stew that
every week soaks and sobisch
or lentils I was not susana I do not know
if less the surname of susana and that we
they are going to teach how to make a stew
sometimes with their prescription monitoring
these warriors from their halls that has
quite a few peculiarities has been
listening is very very good so
in one having nothing else stay there
obviously to hear it
this million is not ending going
ending
I stay but not after
averages and much less freedom
they left developed that takes the
hillside to finish service that
never
then yes no